README.md, before:

# podcast-downloader

This is a simple tool for downloading all the available episodes in an RSS feed to disk, where they can be listened to offline. 

Firstly, Python 3 must be installed, then the requirements must be installed. These are documented in `requirements.txt` and can be installed via the command `python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt`.

## Arguments

There are three arguments to be supplied to the program:

- `destination` is the directory that the folder structure will be created in and the podcasts downloaded to
- `-f, --feed` is the URL for the RSS feed of the podcast
- `-o, --opml` is the location of an OPML file with podcast data
- `--file` is the location of a simple text file with an RSS feed URL on each line

Of these, only the destination is required, though one or more feeds and an OPML file must be provided or the program will just complete instantly.

## Example Command

Following is an example command to download a single feed to a podcasts folder.

`python3 -m podcastdownloader media/podcasts --f 'http://linustechtips.libsyn.com/wanshow' -o podcasts.opml`

Commit message:

Add an option for limiting the number of episodes to download

README.md, after:

# podcast-downloader

This is a simple tool for downloading all the available episodes in an RSS feed to disk, where they can be listened to offline. 

Firstly, Python 3 must be installed, then the requirements must be installed. These are documented in `requirements.txt` and can be installed via the command `python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt`.

## Arguments

There are three arguments to be supplied to the program:

- `destination` is the directory that the folder structure will be created in and the podcasts downloaded to
- `-f, --feed` is the URL for the RSS feed of the podcast
- `-o, --opml` is the location of an OPML file with podcast data
- `--file` is the location of a simple text file with an RSS feed URL on each line
- `-l, --limit` is the maximum number of episodes to try and download from the feed. If left blank, it is all episodes, but a small number is fastest for updating a feed

Of these, only the destination is required, though one or more feeds and an OPML file must be provided or the program will just complete instantly.

## Example Command

Following is an example command to download a single feed to a podcasts folder.

`python3 -m podcastdownloader media/podcasts --f 'http://linustechtips.libsyn.com/wanshow' -o podcasts.opml`
